# beatbox
  
A new drum beat for your next hit song just popped into your head... You wait for your DAW to load and poof, the idea's all gone! With our new drum sequencer that can be played in a web browser, you can instantly make those beats in your head real.  
  
Users will be able to navigate the simple user interface intuitively, consisting of a grid of squares with the ability to light up when they're clicked. Users can click the "Tempo" button at the top (default: 120 bpm), and hit the "Play" button to play the sequence of notes they've selected in the grid. The drum pattern will then loop around to the start and play again until the user presses the "Stop" button. The squares selected by the user will light up bright red while the drum pattern is being played.  

The "Download" button at the top allows the user to save the drum sequence they've created as a lossless audio file. At the top right of the screen, the user can click the "Download Snapshot" button to save all their project settings and the audio files in each instrument channel as one convenient zip file. The user can select this zip file with the "Upload Snapshot" button to automatically fill in all their project settings if they want to come back to their BeatBox session later! Just re-upload the audio files included in the zip file, and the project will be fully restored.  
  
Each instrument channel will have a "Play Audio" button, which simply plays the sound that currently occupies the instrument channel. The "Upload Audio" button can be clicked to allow users to upload their own audio files instead of the default kick drum, snare drum, hi-hats, etc. Each instrument channel also comes with a volume button, a panning knob (to move sounds into the left or right channel), and a mute button and solo button to give the user more control over their beats.